Add `typeof` in pure.rst (#4301)
cython/cython: docs/src/tutorial/pure.rst

    print(cython.sizeof(cython.longlong))
    print(cython.sizeof(n))

> * ``typeof`` returns a string representation of the passed type.  It can take expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``typeof`` returns a string representation of the argument's type for debugging purposes.  It can take expressions.
```

Author: Well, if there's "debugging purpose" in here, then it's fine. We still could make `typeof` that will return type and not effect a lot of code
